Day 1: july 2, 2023 Sunday

Today's Progress: even though I already have basic understanding about Html and CSS, I decided to complete the HTML Course in Free Code Camp. To my surprise, I realized that I missed some of 
the most imout some of the important Html tags that is mostly used. However after the course, I managed to learn some of the things and concepts that i missed learning in other tutorials that i took.

Thoughts: I really struggled with CSS, but, overall, I feel like I am slowly getting better at it. Canvas is still new for me, but I managed to figure out some basic functionality.

Link to work: Calculator App

Day 2: july 3, 2023 Monday
Today's Progress: Free Code Camp's second course was to create a Simple Cafe Menu using CSS and html, I have learned styling a html tags using the css selector.
learned different CSS property and proper ways of implementing them. Even though i already have CSS basic understanding it's a good thing I took the course once again 
because it me refreshes my knowledge about basic implementation of CSS styling properties.

Thoughts: I really struggled with CSS, but, overall, I feel like I am slowly getting better at it. Canvas is still new for me, but I managed to figure out some basic functionality.

Link(s) to work: Calculator App

Day 3: July 4, Tuesday
Today's Progress: I have made a 3 Simple Colored Marker using CSS. I have learned different ways of coloring using hex, rgb, and hsl. One more thing that i learned 
from the lesson is the linear-gradient which is for me a great css property to use in styling as it produce linear-gradient color which you can navigate and change
color base on what you want. 

Day 4: July 5, 2023 Wednesday
Today's Progress: I have made a Resgistration Form and i learned some new CSS styling tool for stlying my page, Forms and different type input people can type like, radio, text area,
submit, email, number and so on. The course also taught me a lot of Good practices in coding like proper naming of for html tags to improve readability. 


Thoughts: Its nice to Finally improve my discpline are being in a tutorial hell, by doing this challenge i hope that I develop this this habit of 1 hour of coding 
everyday even if the challenge is completed. 

Day 5: July 6, 2023 Thursday

Today's Progress: This day, I did take the simple survey form certification, I dont know if it is really a certification tho because the certification
is pure html and i cant find any challenge doing it. After that, I did take the next course which is the learning the CSS box model by making a Rothko Painting. 
I learned about CSS box Model, the overflow hidden technique, margin, and padding.

Thoughts: I did learn everything from the course, but i didnt really understand the CSS box modeling thoroughly because the free code camps course is not 
really beginner friendly that it teaches you the basics of it like other learning websites like w3school. I guess I have to do some little research.   

Day 6: July 7, 2023 Friday

Today's Progress: Today july 7, I made a Photo gallery for a cat photos. Today I learned the CSS property flexbox. ALmost all of the topics in the course is all 
proper way of positioning of contents in a flex box and images. Overall, this coding exercise has enhanced my understanding of flexbox and its capabilities in creating visually appealing and responsive layouts.

Apologies for the delayed upload. Today was a quite exhausting enrollment at school and on top of that, I managed to make time for a haircut this afternoon. It's been a tiring day, but I remain hopeful 
that I can persevere and carry on this journey until the very last day.

Day 7: July 8, 2023 saturday

Today's Progress: I created a Nutrition Facts section and learned various text styling techniques such as adjusting line height and text positioning using CSS. 
I encountered some challenges along the way, and there was a point where I got stuck for a while, but eventually, I managed to solve it. Also in this course the span
tag is always utilized in covering small parts of the text in order to change its style.

Big shout out to our City Mayor for giving student cash assistance hahalol




Apologies for the delayed upload. Today was a quite exhausting enrollment at school and on top of that, I managed to make time for a haircut this afternoon. It's been a tiring day, but I remain hopeful 
that I can persevere and carry on this journey until the very last day.

Day 8: July 9, 2023 Sunday

Today, I created a simple Quiz with 2 questions. This quiz is a practice to enhance my skills in designing a reponsive and accesible webpage.
It consist of header, nav, section,various types of input, and dropdown menu. This part of the course highlights accessibility by using proper html tags for a better webpage structure. 

i was supposed to join my grandparents trip to tacloban but the car broke down and the trip was cancelled. 


Day 9: July 10, 2023 Monday
Today i have made a Tribute page for Kobe bryant. Based on the given user stories, I have learned that the task involves creating a tribute page with specific elements and their corresponding IDs. The page has a title, an image with a caption, information about the kobe, and a link to an external NBA site.

I am currently in the middle of a alumni inuman at our plaza and I uploaded this using our barangays wifi hahaha

I made this tribute page this past 7pm, but  the upload was delayed.

Day 10: July 11, 2023 tuesday

Today progress: The lesson i learned today was all about CSS pseudo selectors. I learned different ways of tageting specific html elements. By taking this 
lesson i t helps me understand more about styling specific parts of an elements. I also learned how to use pseudo selectors to trigger events using the hover
pseudo selector to trigger a change in style whenever the mouse is hovering on the html tag part. 


Day 10: July 12, 2023 wednesday
Today progress: In this lesson, i learned how to use intermediate CSS techniques to create a picasso painting webpage. During this lesson, it tackles the 
id selectors,  class selectors, z-index, and mostly CSS positions using relative, absolute.

Im still learning, but im confident that i can use these skills to create more complex and appealing webapges in the future.

I enjoyed this lesson and i feel like i learned a lot. 

Date: Day 10: July 12, 2023 Sunday

Today progress: In this code, I made a piano interface using CSS and responsive design techniques. The lesson is all about having a responsive 
design to make sure the webpage adapts to different screen size. @media queries were used to apply differnt style based on the device's size.

The lesson was informative but not begginner friendly, i cant clearly understand how media is used. The lesson didnt really teach you detailed 
explanation how to use the media query, it only tells you what to code. Overall it is still worth the time and this new knowledge will surely 
help me in building webpages in the future.









